Book (#133)
tracel-ai/cubecl: cubecl-book/src/getting-started/examples.md

# Examples

For now we only have a limited amount of examples listed in the table bellow. Note that you can also
look at how the [linalg](https://github.com/tracel-ai/cubecl/tree/main/crates/cubecl-linalg) is
implemented.

| Example                                                                               | Description                                                                                           |
| :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [GeLU](https://github.com/tracel-ai/cubecl/tree/main/examples/gelu)                   | Implement the GeLU activation function using CubeCL.                                                  |

> | [Sum Things](https://github.com/tracel-ai/cubecl/tree/main/examples/sum_things)       | Sum some number using many different variation leveraging the CubeCL core features and trait support. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Sum Things](https://github.com/tracel-ai/cubecl/tree/main/examples/sum_things)       | Sum some numbers using many different variations leveraging the CubeCL core features and trait support. |
```
